we should technically be on the road to
San Francisco right you know but
we're at the sweet green
that's why not what time is it it's do
it are you choking no so I was a rebel
got something new the chicken taco bowl
and it's amazing it's all good for 40
leaving San Francisco I don't we had our
edits to get done when videos have to go
up every almost every single day for me
every single day for the student it's
hard to do anything other than filming
and editing so I'll take first shift
you'll get your vlog done beautiful are
you gonna do this there's an hour sick
gotcha and then we'll switch not it's
work done alright let's go okay look at
this the camera bag is bigger than the
clothes bag
always always always close camera sorry
about shifts one banana coffee cake
water I went to Starbucks and didn't get
coffee look at you huh maturing here we
go
after so many adventurers for food let's
try to get on chanting it on this road
the rest of the food will be filmed by
John Hill yes
[Music]
that smell
I'm ready to start the day now oh let's
uh good we need food I'm starting soon
everyone San Francisco is so beautiful
it's like it's like a whole different
world help us aesthetics at every turn
good shots Instagram post yes we got at
home
we got home we got to the hotel at like
3 a.m. us
we were just kind of dead and I watched
bloopers like office bloopers to
necessity and yes and yet this dog
Superman amazing
Taylor's a day chaser
oh my goodness look at all of this
beautiful food John didn't get anything
watch me eat you've been watching him
for what like two like two years this is
the first guy that's like I know you
okay
and I card just stop he's like i watch
your vlogs every day I'm told you I
can't bring him anywhere he's too famous
oh look it's us hey yes hey hey there is
a green screen behind me I am here at
Adobe in San Francisco I am doing a
Adobe live stream I'm here with John and
we're going to show our editing process
and we're literally about to go live and
I'm to say like two seconds so I should
I should you know I love it
the live streams were a success we live
stream for two hours showing how we edit
our videos and I actually finished a
vlog during the live stream I'll leave a
link in the description below if you
want to see how I edited my last vlog I
show kind of the majority of the process
but it's cool being here at Adobe in San
Francisco they have free soda here so
I'm doing bad dr. pepper
they don't have Lacroix so there weren't
many options coming to the offices here
it's very homey it's kind of special
because right now a year ago from this
month I was applying to the Adobe
Creative residents as a residency
program Adobe puts on four artists that
used their products and for a year Adobe
pays you a salary to basically just
pursuit your passion projects and they
help you along the way
aslim to this office exactly a year ago
to do the final interviews here and
ultimately I got the residency and I've
been pursuing that for the past year and
so it is almost almost over I remember
coming here and not being able to really
tell anyone what I was doing but being
so nervous and so stoked for the future
and just looking back at this year and
what I've accomplished and what I'm
setting out to do and the next year it
just it blows mine and gets me even more
I'm so excited for just the future in
general the livestreams went extremely
well we're just finishing up some videos
and then headed to some dinner here in
beautiful San Fran SS San Francisco I'm
here in this next level Apple store in
San Francisco and someone just hopped
out of an uber just say hi to me what is
your name my name is
yes are you liking your earpods they're
like out of my ears
I feel like have to make it yeah with me
I feel like you got the pop socket to
represent thanks for saying hi to me yes
I love it rushing back to the hotel will
join it his video uploaded gosh will we
make it to dinner probably not the most
irresponsible in our YouTube videos to
do it takes a long time you to
prioritize us literally over anything
apparently yeah it is just turnt out
here the dinner tonight was with the
rest of the people who are doing these
Adobe live streams this week but we
unfortunately we're not able to go
because of our videos that we had to
upload tonight something that I don't
talk about in the vlogs because it's so
meta like you don't want to hear me
talking about me filming and editing for
a vlog in a vlog but uploading to
YouTube and all of that stuff it gets
very it gets a lot especially when
you're trying to juggle other things the
rest of my life or if we are right now
as two vloggers tell me I'm just trying
to catch up on evil right now he's like
he's editing he's in between like what
three different vlogs with different
footage don't get me wrong
YouTube is the coolest job ever and
hashtag quest but sometimes it just gets
sometimes it's just a lot sometimes you
just can't go to dinner with friends and
that's okay because there is work to be
done the world to be taken over and yeah
we got to finish everything tonight the
I mean probably not but we're gonna
we're gonna its we're gonna avoid
sleeping the hours that a human should
yeah honestly we did not get sleep like
at all last night
so we should probably I'm going to get
sleep tonight you're responsible human
so I can wake up tomorrow and crush it I
just have the crushing anxiety of being
away in Cuba for a week without internet
connection so I have to somehow figure
out how to like schedule five videos in
advance but you know what I don't want
to bore you with that because that's not
even something you guys should be
thinking about cuz I just want you all
to sit back and be entertained and
inspired and the hashtag Peachy fan for
life whole squad and there's San
Francisco behind me the views in this
hotel we are going to be doing more live
streams this week so you can check out
those links in the description below as
well if you ever have any questions
about camera gear are things in the vlog
the links to those things are in the
description
[Laughter]
[Music]
you